it's gonna be a beautiful wedding
here you are standing on the precipice
of something so much bigger than anyone
here
but always remember you are not alone i
don't think that we met i'm sarah
niles hi hit
[Music]
it's gonna be a beautiful wedding
good day so far today tomorrow it's all
the same
you what is going on hey get out of the
water
guess you followed me it's one of those
infinite time-loop situations you might
heard about
that i might have heard about yeah
[Music]
the second you fall asleep it all just
goes back to the start i drove
all the way back home to austin and i
still woke up here
one time i smoked a bunch of crystal and
made it all the way to equatorial guinea
it was a huge waste of time
well then what's the point of living we
kind of have no choice but to live
no i'm gonna get out of this suit
yourself
see you tomorrow
so now what do we do you just have to
embrace the fact that nothing matters do
you sleep with people in here great
question
i have but it takes a lot of work yeah i
got in
it's the first dance and that's a deal
breaker that didn't work
let's waste some
is time you want to uh dance you know
the official he's got a bag of sweets in
his pocket
you're right got him
[Music]
i hope it's not all meaningless at least
you have each other nothing worse than
going through this alone
stop there's a bomb in the cake don't
worry
i used to be a bomb guy stand back
it's gonna be a beautiful wedding
you